[WIP: new PEP] Use SPDX license expressions in Core package metadata (#1148)
python/peps: pep-9999.rst

:::::::

This field will be deprecated in the future and its documentation has been
updated accordingly. Tools are encouraged to provide a warning when this field
is used.

Classifiers
:::::::::::

The use of license-related classifiers in this field will be deprecated in the
future and its documentation has been updated accordingly. Tools are encouraged
to provide a warning when this field is used with license-related classifiers.

Summary of Differences From PEP 566
===================================

* Metadata-Version is now 2.2.

* Added one new field: ``License-Expression``

* Updated the documentation of two fields:  ``License`` and ``Classifiers``

References
==========

This document specifies version 2.2 of the metadata format.
Version 1.0 is specified in PEP 241.
Version 1.1 is specified in PEP 314.
Version 1.2 is specified in PEP 345.
Version 2.0, while not formally accepted, was specified in PEP 426.
Version 2.1 is specified in PEP 566.

.. _`Core Metadata Specification`:
   https://packaging.python.org/specifications/core-metadata/

.. _`Core Metadata Specification pull request`:
   https://github.com/pypa/packaging.python.org/pull/635/

Copyright
=========

> This document has been placed in the public domain.

Reviewer: Hello @pombredanne,

The requirements at [PEP 1](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0001/#what-belongs-in-a-successful-pep) was changed recently in #1117, so can you please update the `Copyright` section to make this PEP meet them?
> 13. Copyright/license -- Each new PEP must be placed under a dual license of public domain and CC0-1.0-Universal [8] (see this PEP for an example).

```suggestion
This document is placed in the public domain or under the CC0-1.0-Universal license, whichever is more permissive.
```

Author: @Jamim this is done. Thank you!
